## Aragon Community Meeting 06 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: December 1st, 4pm CEST
### [Meeting video](https://www.youtube.com/c/AragonProject)

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai

#### Agenda
- **As defined in [AGP7: Merge Aragon HQ and Community meetings](https://github.com/aragon/governance/issues/15) this will be the first meeting where HQ and Community meetings are merged into one**
- Discussion about the issues in the presentations by team members
- Recent updates on Community by @Smokyish & @luisivan
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community](https://www.reddit.com/r/aragonproject/comments/7bsd70/aragon_community_meeting_05_ama_thread/)
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
- [Tatu - Community Lead](../community/write-ups/cm06/tatu/)
- [Oliver - Glue](../community/write-ups/cm06/oliver/)
